CF0700A21
Geographic Area Series: Shipment Characteristics by Origin State by Destination State by Mode: 2007

Estimates are based on data from the 2007 Commodity Flow Survey.
Due to rounding, estimates may not add-up to totals. Data rows
which are not available orcould not be published are not shown.
These data supersede the previously released CFS Advance Report.
See 
Survey
Methodology for information on survey design, confidentiality
protection, sampling error, nonsampling error, and definitions.



Due to definitional and processing changes made each survey year, any data comparisons between one CFS survey and another should be made with caution.

S	Withheld because estimate did not meet publication standards

Z	Less than half the unit shown

Source: U.S. Department of Transportation, Research and
Innovative Technology Administration, Bureau of Transportation
Statistics and U.S. Census Bureau, 2007 Commodity Flow Survey.
Note: Data are withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual
companies. Also, data are based on a sample and are subject to
sampling variability. For information on confidentiality
protection, sampling error, and nonsampling error, see the link to
the 
Survey Methodology in the head note at the top of the table.
Estimated measure of sampling variability are also provided in the
data tables.



UNIVERSE DESCRIPTION
The 2007 Commodity Flow Survey (CFS) covers business
establishments with paid employees that are located in the United
States and are classified using the 2002 North American Industry
Classification System (NAICS) in mining, manufacturing, wholesale
trade, and selected retail trade and services industries, namely,
electronic shopping and mail-order houses, fuel dealers, and
publishers. Establishments classified in transportation,
construction, and all other retail and services industries are
excluded from the survey. Farms, fisheries, foreign establishments,
and most government-owned establishments are also excluded.
The survey also covers auxiliary establishments (i.e.,
warehouses and managing offices) of multi-establishments companies.
For the 2007 CFS, an advance survey of approximately 40,000
auxiliary establishments was conducted in 2006 to identify those
auxiliary establishments with shipping activity. Those that
indicated that shipping was performed (as well as non-respondents)
were included in the CFS sample universe.
DATA ITEMS
This file contains data on:

  Value ($ millions)
  Tons (thousands)
  Ton-miles (millions)
  Average miles per shipment (number)
  Percent of total and coefficient of variation or standard
  error for all above data items

GEOGRAPHIC COVERAGE
The data are shown at the state level.
INDUSTRY DETAIL
None.
OTHER VARIABLES IDENTIFYING RECORDS
The data are shown by destination geography (DDESTGEO) and mode
of transportation (DMODE).
RELEASE SCHEDULE
The data in this file are scheduled for release in December
2009.
RELATED DATA FILES
None.
DATA LIMITATIONS
There are no special limitations to these data.
FILE SEQUENCE
Data are presented in ascending geography (GEO_ID) by DDESTGEO
by DMODE sequence.
ESTIMATED FILE SIZE
Greater than 1 MB.




